---
layout: page
title: "About Me"
permalink: /about-me/
---

Hi! I’m **Ayushi Jain**, a Software Engineer at Microsoft with a curious mind, a passion for building intelligent systems, and a knack for solving real-world problems using AI.

Currently, I work in Azure, where I’ve contributed to building **multi-agent CoPilot experiences**, scalable automation for **cloud services across 20+ regions**, and secure **B2B authentication systems**. My journey here started as an intern, where I built distributed ML pipelines using PySpark and Databricks, and I’ve grown since then into a full-time engineer working across infra, DevOps, and AI-driven user experiences.

Before Microsoft, I graduated from **IIIT Delhi** with a B.Tech in Computer Science (CGPA: 8.34). My academic interests gravitated toward **distributed systems**, **machine learning**, and **deep learning**. I continue to explore through university based courses (Stanford’s XCS234 & XCS236), Azure certifications and independent research.

Outside work, I love to read fiction and non-fiction books. I document my projects and learnings on this blog, not just to keep track of my growth, but also to make AI more accessible to fellow learners and builders.

This site is powered by curiosity and the belief that knowledge grows when shared.

---

📌 **Quick Highlights**  
- SWE @ Microsoft (L59 → L60): Working in Azure Specialized org. 
- Certifications: Azure (AZ-104, AZ-201, AI-102, DP-420), XCS234, XCS236  
- Research published in ACM HT’22  
- Winner of Microsoft’s Global Hackathon in Azure (3rd prize)  
- 700+ questions solved on LeetCode (Hard: 85, Medium: 486)  

---

📚 **Books I have recently read**

- The Silent Patient, *Alex Michaelides*  
- All The Light We Cannot See, *Anthony Doerr*  
- The Story Of My Life, *Helen Keller*  
- More Days At Morisaki Bookshop, *Satoshi Yagasawa*  
- Days At The Morisaki Bookshop, *Satoshi Yagasawa*  
- Agatha Christie's The Murder of Roger Ackroyd, *Agatha Christie*   
- Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None, *Agatha Christie*  
- How To Kill Your Family, *Bella Mackie* 

---

🔗 **Connect With Me**  
💻 [GitHub](https://github.com/ayushi2019031)  
📇 [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ayushi31)  
📬 [Email](mailto:atallakshaya@gmail.com)  
📄 [Resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PQTa4VyE0c_gKYXfpbjV1FRRRo0Pm-4m/view?usp=sharing)  


---

*Thanks for stopping by — and if you’re building something cool in AI, I’d love to hear from you!*  
*This is my personal website, and all thoughts posted here are only mine and not linked to the workplace I am at.*

